README.md, before:

A supplementary tool for Payday 3's loadouts to view weapon details, mechanics, and damage stats

Still being developed! ૮ ・ﻌ・ა

### Contributing
If desired, include your modworkshop username in your pull request to be added to the mod page ૮˶• ﻌ •˶ა

To contribute localisations:
1. in the `lang` directory, duplicate `en.json`, rename it to your language's language code, and translate the value of each key
2. in `index.html`, under the `<select>` element, create a new `<option>` above uwu with a value matching your new localisation file

### importing weapon data:
1. Open Payday 3's files in FModel
2. For all weapons to be imported, navigate to "Gameplay/Weapons," right click on the directory, and export as json
    - This is under PAYDAY3/Content/ for base game weapons and DLCs/DLC for DLC weapons
3. To import weapon images, navigate to "UI/Textures/InventoryIcons" for base game weapons and "DLCs/DLC/UI" for DLC, right click on the directories, and export as both json and png
4. To import attachments, navigate to "Gameplay/WeaponParts," right click on the directory, and export as json
5. Copy the PAYDAY3 folder from FModel's export directory to the importer directory
6. From the terminal run `node importer.mjs`

Commit message:

refactor: generate locale options from object

README.md, after:

A supplementary tool for Payday 3's loadouts to view weapon details, mechanics, and damage stats

Still being developed! ૮ ・ﻌ・ა

### Contributing
If desired, include your modworkshop username in your pull request to be added to the mod page ૮˶• ﻌ •˶ა

To contribute localisations:
1. in the `lang` directory, duplicate `en.json`, rename it to your language's language code, and translate the value of each key
2. in `localisation.js`, add your locale to the `supportedLocales` object above `uwu`

### importing weapon data:
1. Open Payday 3's files in FModel
2. For all weapons to be imported, navigate to "Gameplay/Weapons," right click on the directory, and export as json
    - This is under PAYDAY3/Content/ for base game weapons and DLCs/DLC for DLC weapons
3. To import weapon images, navigate to "UI/Textures/InventoryIcons" for base game weapons and "DLCs/DLC/UI" for DLC, right click on the directories, and export as both json and png
4. To import attachments, navigate to "Gameplay/WeaponParts," right click on the directory, and export as json
5. Copy the PAYDAY3 folder from FModel's export directory to the importer directory
6. From the terminal run `node importer.mjs`
